# lcara technical 1/25

1900-2000

## Field day June 23-25 2023

### field day committee 

interested parties: Kevin Alison Steve Lloyd Dwight. anyone else?

who will be chair? Not Kevin. Lloyd nominated. 

### when will we meet? TBD
### find a location:

willow grove park - Kevin will inquire

join up with Wahkiakum club N7WAH - they will take the lead at their location
at school baseball field. Brian has been in touch with them. 

## Repeater antenna (147.260)

147.26 Earl says “it’s bad.” Noise. Needs replaced. Parts missing. Spare
antenna is not usable.

$200 remaining for that project.

Kevin agreed to find a few antenna options with pricing. Who will install it
and how will it be financed? Earl agreed to find out if Day Wireless could do
it and cost. 

Butch agreed to talk to DEM chief for financing the installation.

Are there other solutions or temporary measures as a backup plan?

## Remote Receiver (147.260)

Earl is ready to initiate his remote receiver project. Unfortunately the 2m
antenna is not available because the 145.130 repeater (DEM) is going back on
the air. 

## UHF repeater (444.900)

Reports that this has been spotty from different locations.   

Kevin and Earl agreed to investigate and do some testing. 

## Internet at Clubhouse

Glen is looking at TMobile business plan to replace existing ISP which is not
performing well. Cost is $50/month.

Current plan $117/3 months ($39/month.)

A solution will be needed to continue to operate the remote radios as we will
no longer have a static IP address. 

## Roter

Need to purchase and install 200 ft cable at $2/foot and swap out the motor. We
need to reduce RF on the tower for rotor function.

### Who will install?

Rick may have a contact. TBD

## Ideas from Rick

Remote receiver connected to 26 repeater in Toutle Valley 

Allstar node on the 26 repeater to allow internet check-ins from Cougar area.
Would need someone to host. 
