# 2023-04-26 LCARA Tech Meeting Minutes

Held at LCARA at 1830 PDT. Minutes prepared by Masen Furer (KF7HVM).

_Revised **2023-04-30**_

## Attendees

Kevin, KC6FLG
Glen, N7UIG
Butch, AE7KJ
Ralph, N2RJR
Steve, K7KO
Charles, AD7UF
Allison, KK7GJP
Don, KB7ZWL
Rick, WA7NWN
Rick, WA7RPM

# HF Rotor Status

* Need 175ft control cable -- someone needs to source and purchase this.
* Need 100ft #10 or #8 bare copper ground wire

# Replacing the Electrical Panel

Clubhouse has a mains shutoff that doesn't require the PUD to work on the panel.

Don might be able to assist.

## Next Steps

* trace circuits, determine which circuits are still needed (AD7UF)
* create a cost estimate for off the shelf parts (KB7ZWL)

# Repeater Antenna for 147.26

* LMR 400 Jumper between repeater antenna and heliax could be suspect.
* Then antenna _might_ be okay, and we could test that by replacing the jumper.

* The repeater has a good duplexer but no bandpass filters, so nearby
  transmitters can desense the receive.

## Next Steps

* Kevin will follow up with Earl

# Furnace

Possibly sustained further damage last weekend.

Potential credit for putting in a new heatpump.

## Options

* Replace the limit switch and sequencer, if possible. <$100
* Replace the heating unit (internals). ~$550
* Replace the central unit
* Use a ductless "mini-split" system instead. $3000+

## Next Steps

* Ralph will get a quote on a ductless system, although we might be blocked until the
  panel is replaced.
  * Denali, Castle Rock
  * Carlson
  * Felton's Heating and Cooling

## Update 04/30

Don and Glen were able to get 2 of the 3 elements functioning again,
so there _is_ heat, but please be patient.
