# 2023-03-22 tech meeting agenda

Prepared by Masen Furer (KF7HVM)

_Revised **2023-03-26**_

# Field Day Update

Lloyd volunteered to lead the field day committee.

Steve K7KO reached out to Lloyd regarding locations.
  -> suggest separate meeting for field day crew to hammer out details
  
## Location

Willow grove was thrown out, no followup noted, yet.

No firm location decision has been made.

## Possible Join Effort

N7WAH (Wahkiakum club) - they would take the lead at their location at school baseball field

  Brian has been in contact is K7SH Steve. As a last ditch, if nothing else comes together, we
  could operate with them; however no control over station setup or configuration.
  
CARA (Columbia county) - Typically at trojan park. They have invited us in the past.

# Repeater Antenna for 147.26

Decided to go with a 3dB gain antenna, instead of a 6dB gain antenna.

Kevin reached out to HRO regarding a ruggedized commercial radome-type antenna;
still awaiting response. Will reach out again this week.

Hustler Spirit (like HD315060): 3dB version for 2m is ~10ft long; < $600

(Current antenna is 20ft, so Glen recommends adding a 10ft antenna on a 10ft pole,
which would require a longer coax. Earl says this is not usually the way it's done)

  How long of coax would be needed? possibly short if existing run can be used.

Glen says he would purchase the antenna up front.

Current antenna height: 40ft off the ground (N3EG)

## Next Steps

* kevin to look at current installation to determine what parts/coax are really needed
  * behind a gate at the site, contact Earl
* kevin to follow up with HRO on antenna availability
* acquire antenna
* butch to follow up on DEM funding the installation through Day Wireless

# Remote Receiver for 147.26

Butch will bring the 145.130 back to Rainier once the jumpers are completed (waiting for Kevin).

Consider NW7RA sites for remote receive.

The antenna replacement may address _some_ issues, but suspect not all of the issues.

Earl can install the receiver at the 147.260 repeater site when time permits (everything else is
ready to go).

Remote sites requirements
  * a radio drawing 4a TX
  * good omni VHF antenna for receiving
  * direction 70cm antenna for transmit

# UHF Repeater Status 444.900

Reports that this has been spotty from different locations.

No one has had time to investigate.

Anecdata suggests the repeater transmit is weaker than in the past.

## Next Steps

Wattmeter on the output to confirm power out. (Bird watt meter (throughline))

# HF Rotor Status

What killed the rotor:
  * surge?  <--- KJ7OX
  * slow cooking?
  
Old rotor cable was not completely shielded (only the part that's on the tower);
there was a splice.

## Next Steps

* Need 175ft control cable -- someone needs to source and purchase this.
  * Yaesu, 5-conductor + shield, 18ga wire
  * Shield and DC ground of rotor should be separate
  * RNL electronics, plaid electric
* Come up with a plan for grounding and installation
  * How to get RF off the cable?
* Need to find someone to install the rotor on the tower
  * Rick WA7RPM has contact information for potential tower crew
  * Brian KJ7OX mentions that we should plug in the control cable on the ground
    and raise it when _already connected_

# Internet Provider

Talk of changing providers to AT&T?
  * needs to be paid up front
  * benefits: router device exposes admin interface with port forwarding
  * disadvantage: bandwidth limited (100-150GB/mo), club would have to pay the bill

Zoom w/ 10 video streams:
  * 337 kbps up
  * 2000 kbps down
  
Lower priority, given other projects.

# Remote Access to Radios

Setting up VPN control server.

N7UIG and K7KO have been testing it out.

## Steve's Observations from Experience

IC-7100 is rock solid
  * super het
  * connected to computer as server
IC-7610 experiences frequent audio drops
  * sdr
  * connected directly (radio itself is server)
  -> is this reproduced locally at the clubhouse? doesn't seem to be; need a more controlled experiment.
  * Brian KJ7OX also experienced issues (with previous internet though)

The "audio burst" when keying the radio: experienced on both radios in Steve's setup.
  * also experienced by KJ7OX
  * but Kevin as also NOT experienced this issue

### Experiment

Listen to audio with no antenna connected: still hit audio drops.

From forums: try adding ferrite / RFI protection to the ethernet cable feeding the IC-7610.

### Next Steps

* Try the IC-7300 connected via a computer server to rule out het vs. sdr.
* Try to identify the audio burst issue (KF7HVM)

## Who Gets It

* Glen: Training is definitely needed: know how to operate and avoid interfering with local users
* Kevin: access should be limited to expert operators
  -> Ralph: should be open to members that are involved in the club
* Rick: suggests another tier of dues for remote access ("gold membership")
  * Steve: need the system solid before charging for it
  * Glen: additional accounting overhead
* Admin team: has RDP access to machines for solving issues

## What Radios are Open

* IC-7610 (A)
* IC-7300 (B) maybe, still up for debate. Currently used for testing remote WFView
* IC-7100 (D)

## Next Steps

* Ensure TX Time-out-timer is enabled and set reasonably.

# Website

Glen is looking into creating an independent web server and web site to allow switching
away from our current website. Currently have a prototype that works from localhost,
but experiencing issues accessing wordpress externally.

Allison has agreed to be the creator/administrator/webmaster.

New website should allow officers and trusted members to update content, post pictures, etc.

## Next Steps

* Debug external access for wordpress (KF7HVM)
* Create two instances: ACS and LCARA

# Recabling ethernet at clubhouse

New 24 port gigabit switch at LCARA.

KF7HVM will be creating new cables with strain relief boots from Glen.

# Replacement of Screen on IC-7610

Brian KJ7OX called and left a message with ICOM on 2023-03-24, waiting for a call back.

* Need serial number from IC-7610 (insured equipment list)
* Call ICOM and request a quote

