# 2023-05-24 LCARA Tech Meeting Minutes

Held at LCARA at 19:01 PDT.

## Attendees

Kevin, KC6FLG
Glen, N7UIG
Rick, WA7NWN
Steve, K7KO
Brian, KJ7OX
Rick, WA7RPM
Masen, KF7HVM

## Replacement of the Electrical Panel

Replacing with 20 circuit panel -- so some doubling.

Add internal AC disconnect (depends on the Permit)

Permit needed before July 1st (new regulations). $147 for a 1 year period of validity on the old code.

Don and Glen intend to trace out all of the existing cicuits to determine how many are actually needed, currently there are 16 cicuits, but not all may be needed.

During the (late) summer, all power will be off for a few days during the replacement.

$530 for the new panel and AC disconnect.

Unanimously approved by the Tech Committee.

## Furnace

Don and Glen plan to work on repairs Friday May 26.

## Rotor Cable

Requires a support wire to hang it over _any distance_ to avoid damaging the shield.

$160 for 175ft on ebay. Glen to order the cable.

Unanimously approved by the Tech Committee.

## Repeater Antenna for 147.26

How old is the current antenna? 12-15 years (KJ7OX).

Quote from labor related to the move to the current county site is dated Mar 2012.

Consider removing the LMR 400 jumper during the maintenance action. Given the age, the jumper is suspect.

Desired [Hustler HS3-14448](https://www.hamradio.com/detail.cfm?pid=H0-011143) antenna has not been available.

Glen to purchase from HRO for $579 and see if the antenna shows up.

Approved by all but 1.

band pass, band reject 6 can duplexer, only keeps the repeater out; doesn't keep the rest of the world out. Some of the interferance potentially is caused by nearby transmitters at the repeater site. Pass cans could improve the situation (or a new duplexer with pass cans).

Kevin has existing cable (1/2" superflex -- 25ft length) in the storage unit to create jumpers, but need 2 connectors, unsure exactly which ones. Likely have to terminate the jumpers on site, once we know what is needed.

Should order 2x male and 2x female connectors from RF Parts to ensure we have what's needed when we need it.

FSJ4-50B Cable (already have)

$29.91 per connector

## Renumber the internal network

Proposal 192.168.73.0/24

* update router configuration + DHCP reservations entries 
* update computers with static IP configs -> move to DHCP reservation
* update VPN ACLs
* update DNS names on vpn.w7dg.net
* update individual's configurations in RS-BA1 and Green Heron (changing .1.X to .73.X)

## 6m WSPR Receiver

Masen will experiment with configuring the software on linux / RP64.